if you suffer from hair loss, receding, thinning or bald spots, you have to see this.  # Hook #19: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  stop what you're doing right now if you're a woman or a man over the age of 40 and you struggle with weight. a chief doctor from japan just leaked a secret formula of a potent ancient japanese tonic that burns body fat faster than anything else discovered before.   # Hook #20: Revolutionary Discovery (i.e., secret knowledge)  Hi, i'm pastor andrew and this is the famous blood-stained shroud of turin. and guess what? this sacred fabric could change everything it means to be a bible believer and turn mainstream medicine on its head. why? because on top of miraculously preserving jesus christ's actual face for over 2000 years, new forensic evidence and top scientific minds now reveal that this special fabric also contains a well-guarded biblical health secret… a secret now clinically understood to help you fight off disease, reboot a forgetful brain, banish joint pain and body aches, unleash an always awake immunity and literally resurrect the youthful energy-filled body you thought you'd lost forever.  # Hook #21: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  if you have a floater in your eye and you've also been prescribed glasses, you must see this now. a nobel prize winning discovery from dr greg semenza has helped open up a new way to help improve declining eyesight.  # Hook #22: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  if you wear glasses or contacts or suffer from any type of vision impairment, you must see this. a Japanese Nobel prize winning scientist in cell research has discovered a natural way to reclaim the 2020 Vision you were born with in record time.  # Hook #23: Revolutionary Discovery  if you suffer from yellow toenail fungus that won't go away or keeps coming back, you must see this. a maverick discovery of a simple way to permanently reclaim clear healthy toenails in record time.   # Category #3: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad  This type of ad promotes a specific routine or practice that must be performed at a particular time to achieve the desired results. These ads emphasize the importance of timing and often include a sense of urgency, implying that the audience must act quickly to benefit from the routine.  In detail, a Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad should:  1. Introduce a specific routine or practice that needs to be performed at a particular time. 2. Emphasize/Explain the importance of timing for the effectiveness of the routine. 3. Highlight the benefits that can be achieved by following the time-sensitive ritual. 4. Create a sense of urgency, encouraging the audience to act quickly and not miss out on the potential benefits. 5. Provide evidence, testimonials, or expert opinions to support the effectiveness of the ritual.  For example, the hooks provided below introduce various time-sensitive rituals, such as drinking a Japanese tonic before 10 am, doing a 15-second Japanese ritual before bed for prostate health, or drinking a glass of a specific liquid before bed to improve eyesight. These ads emphasize the importance of performing these rituals at the specified times and highlight the benefits that can be achieved by following them. They effectively create a sense of urgency for the audience, encouraging them to act quickly to reap the benefits of these time-sensitive practices.  # Hook #1: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., before 10 am)  Did you know that there’s an ancient Japanese tonic that when you drink it before 10 am, it melts three pounds of fat every three and a half days? If you want to lose weight, listen to this short important message. If not click the skip ad button.  # Hook #2: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., in the morning)  Drink this Japanese tonic in the morning to burn three pounds every 3.5 days.  # Hook #3: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., simple 60-second ritual anyone can use)  There’s one simple 60-second ritual anyone can use to rapidly burn unwanted fat.  # Hook #4: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., before bed)  Drinking water before bed burns 46 lbs in 2 weeks? If you are struggling to lose weight and you’re over 25, then you need to hear this.  # Hook #5: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., 15-second Japanese ritual before bed)  if you have an enlarged prostate, do this 15-second Japanese ritual before bed to shrink it almost immediately. Dr. Nima sharifi was awarded one million dollars for his paradigm-shifting discovery on the cause of a swollen prostate and a simple 15-second ritual that's allowing men of any age to reclaim the healthy normal-sized prostate from their youth in record time.  # Hook #6: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., 30-second ritual before bed)  If you suffer from type 2 diabetes or pre-diabetes, do this 30-second ritual before bed to immediately balance your blood sugar levels and potentially eliminate type 2 forever in record time.  # Hook 7: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., before bed)  here's why i threw away all my blood pressure meds