drinking this before bed can lower blood pressure by 26 points. if you're over 50 and struggling with high blood pressure, then you need to hear this.  # Hook #8: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., 15 second Japanese ritual before bed)  if you have an enlarged prostate, do this 15 second Japanese ritual before bed to shrink it almost immediately. Dr Nima sharifi was awarded one million dollars for his paradigm-shifting discovery on the cause of a swollen prostate and a simple 15-second ritual that's allowing men of any age to reclaim the healthy normal-sized prostate from their youth in record time.   # Hook #9: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., every night while you sleep)  If you really want to lose weight, there's an ancient exotic hack that melts up to two pounds of fat every night while you sleep. Dr Lam has just leaked a secret 750 year old tropical fat dissolving loophole found in a remote Vietnamese Island that burns body fat 728% faster than any exercising or dieting.  # Hook #10: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., 15-second ritual)  did you know there is a potent 15 second ritual that shrinks your prostate faster than everything else discovered? a recent discovery reveals a natural way to restore prostate health in record time.  # Hook #11: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., before you go to bed tonight)  before you go to bed tonight drink a glass of this and surprise your doctor on your next eye exam. i was skeptical it would work but then i saw the shocking proof for myself: a nobel prize winning discovery from dr greg semenza has helped open up a new way to help improve declining eyesight.  # Hook #12: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., doing this simple ritual every day before 10 AM)  what if you could reverse your diabetes without meds or a special diet in just four weeks by doing this simple ritual every day before 10 AM?  # Hook #13: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., five-second Japanese morning ritual)  what happens when the prostate enlarges and the urine channel gets tight you have an enlarged prostate? do this five-second Japanese morning ritual to shrink it almost immediately. if you've been suffering from Nighttime peeing, incomplete emptying of the bladder or a weak urine flow for more than three months, then you need to hear this.  # Hook #14: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., 30-second ritual before bed)  if you suffer from type 2 diabetes or pre-diabetes, do this 30-second ritual before bed to immediately balance your blood sugar levels and potentially eliminate type 2 forever in record time.  # Hook #15: Time-Sensitive Ritual (specific time i.e., 17-second morning ritual)  this 17-second morning ritual is one of the fastest ways to melt fat naturally: a poop transplant at miriam hospital in rhode island between a mother and daughter has led to an accidental discovery of a new fat loss method only three percent of people even know about.  # Hook #16: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., before you go to bed tonight eat one half teaspoon of this before 10 pm)  before you go to bed tonight eat one half teaspoon of this before 10 pm and Electrify your metabolism by over 728 percent, especially if you're over 40. are you skeptical? I was too but then I saw the shocking proof for myself: a newly discovered bizarre tropical fat dissolving loophole turbocharges metabolism and melts fat by fixing the recently found root cause of arm butt and hip fat.  # Hook #17: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., drinking this before bed)  here's why i threw away all my blood pressure meds. drinking this before bed lowers blood pressure by 26 points. if you're struggling with high blood pressure and you're over 50, then you need to hear this. people are bringing their blood pressure under control by adding just one ingredient to the glass of water before bed.  # Hook #18: Time-Sensitive Ritual (specific time i.e., before bed)  if you are struggling with vision problems, add half a teaspoon of this to a glass of water before bed.   # Hook #19: Time-Sensitive Ritual (specific time i.e., drinking water before bed)  drinking water before bed reverses diabetes in just four weeks? people are eliminating their type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes by adding this one ingredient to the glass of water before bed.  # Hook #20: Time-Sensitive Solution Ad (specific time i.e., 16-second Japanese ritual)  most men, 99% of them are unaware of this traditional 16-second Japanese ritual that could shrink their enlarged prostate almost immediately.  # Hook #21: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., three-minute shower routine)  try this three-minute shower routine to quickly get rid of toenail fungus itchy skin and smelly feet.  # Hook #22: Time-Sensitive Ritual Ad (specific time i.e., 6-second method)  thousands of people are reversing their type 2 diabetes with this 6 second method from the comfort of their own homes