These ads highlight the groundbreaking nature of these findings, the potential benefits for the target audience, and the evidence supporting the discoveries. They effectively capture the audience's interest and create a sense of urgency around learning more about these life-changing solutions.  # Hook #1: Revolutionary Discovery Ad (hidden/secret method i.e., 3,000-year-old tonic)  Did you know there is a potent 3000-year-old tonic that melts away belly fat faster than everything else discovered?  # Hook #2: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  You’ve NEVER seen anything like this for fat-loss… Learn in the next 10 seconds how you can lose over 30 pounds this month… Without exercise plan after exercise plan, and even without a diet! Starting this very night!  # Hook #3: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  If you wear glasses or contacts, you must see this. An award-winning doctor reveals an astonishing natural way to reclaim the 20/20 vision you were born with in record time.  # Hook #4: Revolutionary Discovery Ad (secret knowledge or habit)  Scientists discovered some people have a secret pooping habit that keeps them effortlessly thin even without diet or exercise.   # Hook #5: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  If you're suffering from cataracts diabetic retinopathy macular degeneration glaucoma blurred vision or any other Vision impairment issues, you must see this. A Nobel prize-winning scientist in stem cell research has discovered a natural way to reclaim the 20/20 Vision you were born with.  # Hook #6: Revolutionary Discovery Ad (surprising discovery/benefit)  Coffee burns 46 pounds in two weeks? If you're over 25 and struggling with weight, you need to hear this.  # Hook #7: Revolutionary Discovery Ad (i.e., urgent health warning)  if you have arthritis and you eat tomatoes, you need to see this. a new study has come out that proves eating tomatoes can make your arthritis pain worse. in this short video i'll show you the shocking study results and i'll show you what the doctors from our institute had to say about it.  # Hook #8: Revolutionary Discovery Ad (i.e., life-saving discovery)  if you or a loved one is fighting type 2 diabetes or pre-diabetes, this discovery could save your life.  # Hook #9: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  if you have a swollen prostate, you must see this. top doctor reveals an astonishing natural way to reclaim prostate health in record time.   # Hook #10: Revolutionary Discovery Ad (i.e., historical secret)  In 1936, a brilliant polish doctor discovered what she believed to be the biggest biblical breakthrough of the last 2,000 years: a secret that if rumors were true could heal soldiers from serious wounds, make them think faster, fight off disease and stay healthy under stressful circumstances and by removing pain and discomfort, make them virtually invincible in battle.  # Hook #11: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  if you suffer from Diabetes Type 2 or pre-diabetes, this might be the most important video you ever watched. top doctor from Arizona has discovered the real root cause of high blood sugar and it has nothing to do with eating carbs or sugar or even genetics but instead with beta cells inside the pancreas.  # Hook #12: Revolutionary Discovery Ad   Say, did you know protein may be the cause of your arthritis and chronic joint pain? yeah yeah my whole life I thought protein was good for me the truth is not all protein is good protein. a major health breakthrough reveals a specific protein actually triggers arthritis pain.  # Hook #13: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  if you have a swollen prostate, you must see this. top doctor reveals an astonishing natural way to reclaim prostate health in record time.  # Hook #14: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  this changes everything we know about what really causes toenails to be thick, discolored and cracked. most people have been brainwashed by the medical establishment into believing that this is a highly complex issue to fix on their own so they end up resigning themselves to prescription anti-fungal medications that don't work even though recently published clinical studies approving this belief to be entirely untrue.  # Hook #15: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  my vision improved after i threw away all my eggs. here's why: if you are struggling with vision loss and you've also been prescribed glasses you've got to see this right away. a nobel prize winning discovery from dr greg semenza has helped open up a new way to help improve declining eyesight.  # Hook #16: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  Did you know there’s a natural way to regrow teeth and gums that only three percent of the population even knows about? scientists at the national institute of dental research have invented a powerful sour liquid that can regrow teeth and gums almost overnight. how is this possible?  # Hook #17: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  florida news reveals how a 71 year old woman lost mountains of fat after she flushed those excess calories right down her toilet with her bowel movements. now she's reached her dream of becoming a national tennis champion. she credits her success to her doctor who discovered this easy new method to melt off fat right from your own home.  # Hook #18: Revolutionary Discovery Ad  there's a wild new hair growth method that works incredibly well and now the world is talking about it